Here today looks great in paradise
booms at vespa
what the color jumps to me 125
four-stroke engine 11b as classic name
this name real reprint
I have to spend a thousand classic designs
say now also have abs and as he
on the vehicle body is out
but completely new ok reason
body is made of steel okay that
creates trust
although there is new suspension by it
is the rolling behavior in case of bumps
become a lot more pleasant and quieter
taken over another classic sprint
and the designers really have those too
sprint from the 70s, so to speak
that's why he had the colors as well
again fresh project zest for life because
It was actually a co-founder at that time
the youth culture
I have to be a very fond motor fb
it does not sound exhilarating, though
good passage good torque up
about 50 that is, gets from the
From the traffic light, head off the cars
I especially like that
chassis she is not calm her
goes over the manhole cover about how
nothing in the curve very very calm
Road position comfortable sitting position like you
relatively upright need totally pleasant
wide sato when I compare her
with my 150 bex normally
I have to say that this is one
galactic leap turns
Of course the question is 125 or more cubic
because of the passage of the torque of the
125er at least in the sense of the operation
each case is nice enough
you can get by anywhere
it does not necessarily have to be more
so now let's see, that's it
electrical
What should I say go loosely
from small came shopping I need
a car in the city
my resume not only in italy, too
in that up to slim fast and sleek
especially safe with a sprint
on road